OSDOCS-19078: Removes istio procedure RHCL install (#110042)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/proc-install-in-openshift-web-console.adoc

. In the *Configure via* field, click *YAML view* to edit the definition, for example, the Kuadrant CR name.

. Click *Create* and wait for the deployment to be displayed in the list.
+
[NOTE]
====

> If are using {service-mesh}, Istio works automatically as your `Gateway` object controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using {service-mesh}, no additional configuration is required. {connectivity-link} automatically detects and uses {service-mesh} as your Gateway object controller.
```
